Can you hear me?
Are you sober?
You're going to quit
It's about to rise to your last side, come on
It's not right to try hard
Come on.
Come on, work harder
Try harder
Why is that?
Why didn't I protect my child well?
Tell me.
Why didn't you protect my child well?
Ah!
Hahahaha
You finally woke up.
You scared me to death.
What about son?
Here it is.
Where is the child
Dear, there is just one, there is one.
What happened to the other one?
Mom
Mom, tell me
Another child
He was born without breath.
Little us
That year you
I will work together
How could there be no past?
I want to save my son.
I want to save my child
Calm down.
Child thing
only
You and Tian Jie and other women can
But my child is nothing
from now on
We divorce
Go to work tomorrow